README.md, before:

# Web Scraper

newScrape is a framework for fetching and displaying articles from a database.

## Desription

Firstly, fork or copy the Github repo locally. Then run:
``bash
npm install
``
to install all necessary packages. 

Then run the application:
``bash
node index.js
``
#### Please inquire further for database username and password (must add to .env file) and add PORT = <port>.

## About the application

- Home page
![Home Page](img/17thFeb-Home.JPG)

- Articles can be fetched through the API components (currently, GNews API):
![API page](img/17thFeb-getAPIResponse.JPG)

- Articles can be fetched through the Web Scraper components (currently, from Darling Ingredients own news page):
![Scraper page](img/17thFeb-getPythonNews.JPG)

- Artcles are saved to MongoDB database cluster:
![MongoDB preview page](img/17thFeb-mongoDB.JPG)

- Articles have the following schema in the database:
```bash
title: String,
date: Date,
text: String,
positivityScore: Number
```

- Articles are evaluated through the npm package sentiment.
    [sentiment package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sentiment)

- Articles are filtered, so that those with positivityScore > 30 are displayed to the user.
- Articles are ranked in a descending order based on positivityScore
- Articles are displayed in a carousel to the user. They can be navigated through right and left arrow buttons on the sides. It can be navigated to Home page from the navigation bar on top.
![View News Page](img/17thFeb-viewNews.JPG)

- Node.js template engine of choice: Pugjs.

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

Updated README file with demos

README.md, after:

# Web Scraper

newScrape is a framework for fetching and displaying articles from a database.

## Desription

Firstly, fork or copy the Github repo locally. Then run:
```bash
npm install
```
to install all necessary packages. 

Then run the application:
```bash
node index.js
```
#### Please inquire further for database username and password (must add to .env file) and add PORT = <port>.

## About the application
- Home page
![Home Page](img/17thFeb-Home.JPG)

- Articles can be fetched through the API components (currently, GNews API):
![API page](img/17thFeb-getAPIResponse.JPG)

- Articles can be fetched through the Web Scraper components (currently, from Darling Ingredients own news page):
![Scraper page](img/17thFeb-getPythonNews.JPG)

- Artcles are saved to MongoDB database cluster:
![MongoDB preview page](img/17thFeb-mongoDB.JPG)

- Articles have the following schema in the database:
```bash
title: String,
date: Date,
text: String,
positivityScore: Number
```

- Articles are evaluated through the npm package sentiment.
    [sentiment package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sentiment)

- Articles are filtered, so that those with positivityScore > 30 are displayed to the user.
- Articles are ranked in a descending order based on positivityScore
- Articles are displayed in a carousel to the user. They can be navigated through right and left arrow buttons on the sides. It can be navigated to Home page from the navigation bar on top.
![View News Page](img/17thFeb-viewNews.JPG)

- Node.js template engine of choice: Pugjs.

### Demos

![Select Menu Demo](img/newScrape-demo-part1.gif)


![View News Demo](img/newScrape-demo-part2.gif)

## License
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
